[Autogenerated] to get started with our provider.
Let's return to start dot spring toe i o.
We'll leave the defaults as they are.
Will Entercom.
That retail bank is our group on credit check service as our artifacts, i d.
And also at the Web dependency.
It's worth mentioning that we could also,
at the spring cloud contract, verify dependency here.
Doing so would mean that the maven palm of are generated project would
contain all unnecessary dependencies by default.
If you'd like to do this, go ahead.
But we're not going to do it.
You're in the demo.
This is so we can learn a bit more about what's
happening in The Palm File on also,
so we can learn how to add Spring cloud contract
verifier to an existing project is, well,
as a new arm.
Finally, let's click the download button on Import the project into our I D.
We'll skip the import flow as it's the same as it waas in the previous demo.
Now our project is open.
Let's look around.
We can see that we've got a skeleton spring boot projects,
which is more or less identical to our last one in this project.
We'd like to be able to create our contract,
but before we do so,
we need to add the required dependencies toe are made in palm file,
so lets navigate to it and get started.
First, we will at the spring cloud contract, verify maven Plug in.
This will add some extra functionality to maven,
which will allow it to generate stubs from contracts
and generate tests from contracts.
We'll just pick the latest stable release version at a time of recording.
I will also add the extensions tag, as this is what allows a plug in tow.
Add actual functionality to our maven build.
The spring cloud contracts also falls on the day Spring Cloud Umbrella projects.
Because of this,
we can make use of its bomb file in order to pull in any required dependencies.
A bomb fail or bill of materials fail is amazing constructs for
importing dependency management sections into a palm file.
Well, first,
declare a dependency management section and give it one
dependency will enter the artifacts idea that we want spring
cloud dependencies unintelligible, all to complete the rest,
giving his version of motor pick again.
We'll just picked the latest stable version at the time of recording.
Well, then give it a type in this case, palm,
and then give it a scope of import in order to import
spring cloud dependencies into our palm.
After adding the bomb, we can add the spring cloud contract,
verify a dependency.
We don't need to specify a version number, as it's provided to is fired a bomb.
This dependency is what will allow us to start using the
contract dear sell on generate office contracts.
Let's finish up by refreshing or maven dependencies.
Then we'll be ready to go.
Now we're ready to create our contract by default.
Spring Cloud contract looks for contracts in a contracts directory on the test.
Resource is so let's create up will also create one more child
directory names after our credit card service.
It's not necessary to do this,
but it's good practise the reason being that it makes it easy
to know what consumers are dependent on.
What contracts Happiness Information makes change in a provider.
AP I.
Easier as Hugh to change, impacts becomes clear.
Now let's create our contract file.
It's best practice to give it a descriptive name,
which describes the interaction that it represents,
So we will call hours should grant a credit score of high to a
citizen as eyes exactly what it will do.
We also need to add to groovy extension as contracts agree.
REFIles providing our definition language for a groovy DSL.
Now that's created.
We need to instance she ate our contracts object by
calling contract up make Then we pass in.
A closure for is to declare our interaction in.
Starting with the request, we will define a request closure.
Then we will add a method in this case post on a U.
R L in this case, last credit scores and also our body in this case,
um, Jason with a citizen number field,
were for valued it much is the one in our test.
What's really nice here about groovy is that we can use the
triple quotes to write our Jason in line.
If you've ever experimented with writing Jason Strings in Java,
you'll know how messy and confusing it can be,
with lots of plus signs and back slices making things unreadable.
Let's also provide a had a closure.
This time we only care about one had a content type on.
We expect a value of application.
Jason, as that's what we will be sending from our consumer.
You'll also notice that instead of writing a string value,
we call the application Jason Mufid.
This is just one of the many ways that the spring cloud
contract DSL will make our life easier.
Now we have to find a request in our interaction.
We can define the response.
First, we can give a status code of two hundreds,
then a Jason body containing the field with his score off high
under header again this time application.
Jason.
And that's it.
We've created our contract.
It's very simple, with a static request and response in.
The next module will be building some which is more complex and flexible.
But for now, this is all we need in order to make our test pass.
What we're going to do now is switched to the terminal
in order to run a maven install.
This could also be done via did guilty or I d embedded Cermeno,
but we'll keep it this way for presentation purposes.
Let's now run a maybe install.
What this does is compiled a project run automated test and then build a jar
file only in our case we have added to spring cloud contract,
verify, applauded, which should have added some extra steps.
We can see that the build failed due to a test failure.
But how has this happened?
Well, from looking at the name of the test that failed,
validate should grant credit score of high to a citizen.
We see that the issue is with the contract verification tests
generated for us by the spring cloud contract.
Verify a plug in instead of going into detail about this for now,
we should take a step back and think about what we're
trying to achieve here on where we are in the consumer
driven contract testing workflow.
We're only at the stage of making our consumer site test pass.
We're not at the stage where we need to implement anything in our provider.
So really,
the only two things we need to do right now are define a
contract and generate some stops from it.
We simply shouldn't care about the provider side tests yet.
So knowing this lashes Ron Maven install again.
But this time skipped assests This way we can worry about fixing them later on.
Focus on generating the stops, which is our immediate goal.
Great.
This time we have a successful build.
It's growing note to the top again.
We can see that it's halfs and now scared.
And now that degenerate stops tests his run,
these stops will be installed by local maven repository.
We'll leave the demo here for now and go into more detail about them in the next section.